Major Update (#268)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/roleInfo.md

# $roleInfo
`$roleInfo` allows you to make a 'role info' command without using a bunch of different functions at once. This function returns info about the mentioned role.

## Usage
```
$roleInfo[message]
```

### Parameters 

> - `message` `(Type : String || Flag : Required)` : check the commands below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `message` `(Type: String || Flag: Required)` : The message format. Check below for more information.
```

## Commands

> You can use the 'commands' below within `$roleInfo`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Message format
You can use the following 'commands' within `$roleInfo[]`:
```
